hey for Gerber's team here with another
Kalasha kanji tube video today is while
I finally got my John's level 6 I
probably won't do attack with them well
what we'll see I might do just a thing
I'll play your attack just the show give
you guys kind of an idea of how good
they are but I just got them and lately
I've just been donating not doing a
whole ton of attacking and I'll just
show you how good my our base designers
come out it's not quite as peak for
trophies as you'll see right here 2006
that's not quite its peak yet but
basically all these have been from just
offenses so if you get like close to the
same as money you can basically get to
2,000 trophies no problem with this base
design you can go see the check out the
video if you want a bit more on it but
yeah my Giants just became level 6 today
so that's pretty awesome they're my only
maxed out troop I'll show you right in
here there we go maxed so if you don't
know if they look like I'm not sure how
whoops
you can check right here that's exactly
what they look like so I just have some
stuff trained up for them just donate a
dragon to that guy there yeah so my
level 6 Giants they basically do
extremely good and they'll definitely
help me when I start to attack again
I've just been donating I might actually
start once I get rid of these dragons I
don't use them for a text because
they're expensive but just some other
stuff
my storages I've started to upgrade as
will need 7.5 mil elixir for level 6
archers which I'm going for next if
you're wondering that's why I probably
won't be doing videos for the next
couple of weeks first of all as you're
pointing I know we'll be coming out for
Minecraft Pocket Edition so I'll be
doing my Survival Series and stuff like
that on it and also
it will just take me such a long time to
get to seven point five mil so I'll just
get to my peak and then it will show in
my profile and then you guys can see the
peak that this kind of base can get you
know with level six Giants helping me
attack and also I've grade two my
barbarian King level four which is the
only thing I haven't done yet is the
doctor queen but we'll see if we'll do a
single player attack haven't seen I
haven't done these in such a long time
chimp in the armor so oh hey this isn't
so bad
some good cannons if I drop my sixteen
or I'll drop ten and we'll see how they
do something oh right there just realize
it's probably all traps they'll go right
there if my wall breakers won't blow
anything out low so we'll just drop ten
or eleven I guess see they can take a
lot from those cannons and the ten of
them together you basically want all one
just one shot that cannon right there
they're taking heavy damage right now
but yeah they're just doing extremely
well I'll just throw out my barbarian
king so he can take out the extra stuff
hopefully he won't get damaged so I
don't have to wait again but yeah so
this is what they're like see that's a
pretty high level mortar and they can
take that out pretty quick even though
and there's only the like five or so
left so they don't look like they have
too much more health in the level five
but they definitely have way more damage
and as you see here ten without a healer
basically took out this whole chimp in
armor so though all the cannons are gone
and yeah they probably basically could
have took in this one out but since you
have the barbarian king now no point
doing the whole drop one balloon kind of
thing I could take it out air defense so
well it's taking a bit of damage but
that'll take like three or four minutes
to finish up so yeah those are the level
six Giants I hope you liked this YouTube
video if you haven't seen my other ones
I have a base build bomb review
all sorts of things so you can go check
out those classic lines videos and yeah
so you can end off now you can finish
watching the rest of this attack well
see like even the three of them are
right there taking out those houses
pretty quick
house right three minutes
right
you